The library’s dim, flickering lights barely illuminate the graffiti-covered walls and overturned shelves. At the front desk, a young librarian dressed in dark, eclectic clothing (Sky) sorts through a tattered pile of books, their eyes dripping with heavy eyeliner.
You pick up a toppled bookcase - it’s surprisingly heavy. “Don’t worry about that,” the gothy librarian (Sky) says, “I can handle it. But thank you.” You put the bookcase down. 
You sift through the piles of books on the ground, but a DVD of Groundhog Day catches your eye. Bill Murray stares at you from the cover, pressing hopelessly against the walls of the alarm clock he’s trapped in. You start to bring it to the librarian, then realize you don’t have a library card. You put the DVD down.
“We don’t have a lot right now, but we have…” the librarian rummages through a box behind their desk, “wire cutters. That’s it. Just wire cutters. You want ‘em?” You nod. The librarian hands you the pair of wire cutters.
A stack of books on the arcane Sky keeps in the back of the library. “Thanks,” The librarian says. They take the book from your hands and go to reshelve it. They slot the arcane tome and you realize that you didn’t see that shelf before. It was in plain sight - how did you miss it? The librarian smiles. “It gets everyone,” they say. You approach the shelf. The musty scent of old leather and parchment fills the air as your fingers brush over the cracked spines of the books, each one thrumming faintly with a hidden power beneath your touch. Dust swirls in the dim light as you pull one from the shelf, its worn cover etched with symbols you can’t quite decipher.  A chill runs down your spine as you open the book, the pages whispering ancient secrets in a language long forgotten. Without even reading, almost as if an understanding, you get the feeling of repetition. Something done again and again and again, wearing thinner every time, a rubber band ready to snap.  “That’s enough,” Sky says, snatching the book from your hands. It seems like your library card has expired. 